>>> AS CALLS FOR A CEASE-FIRE
GROW INSIDE THE UNITED STATES
TONIGHT, ISRAEL HAS AGREED TO
FOR OUR PAUSES EACH DAY TO
ALLOWED AGE TO GET INTO GAZA
AND CIVILIANS TO GET OUT.
A SENIOR ISRAELI OFFICIAL SAYS
THIS WILL ONLY APPLY TO
SPECIFIC NEIGHBORHOODS IN THE
WAR ZONE.
SOME DEMOCRATS SAY THIS IS NOT
ENOUGH.
MY NEXT GUEST KNOWS FIRSTHAND
JUST HOW DEVASTATING THIS
VIOLENCE HAS BEEN FOR FAMILIES
STILL INSIDE OF GAZA.
SAMMY SIOBHAN IS A PALESTINIAN
AMERICAN WHO HAS LOST 17 FAMILY
MEMBERS SINCE THIS WAR BEGAN.
THAT AMOUNTS TO FOUR
GENERATIONS, NOW GONE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BEING
HERE AND I AM SO SORRY FOR WHAT
IS REALLY A PROFOUND LOSS FOR
YOUR FAMILY. WE WERE JUST
SPEAKING, 11 OF THE 17 MEMBERS,
BASICALLY LOST IN ONE INSTANCE.
TELL US ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
>> YEAH, THEY WERE LOST BUT
THEY WERE SPECIFICALLY KILLED.
A BOMB DROPPED ON THEM.
IT WAS IRONIC BECAUSE MY
COUSIN, ABDULLA, WHO LIVES
THERE, SAID IT SAFER WHERE I AM.
THEY WERE BOMBED, NINE OF THEM
WERE KILLED THERE.
THE TWO SURVIVORS WERE MY UNCLE
AND MY COUSIN.
SHE SURVIVED ONLY FOR A FEW
DAYS GOING THROUGH SURGERY
WITHOUT ANESTHESIA, BUT CUT
DIRECTLY INTO YOU, IN THE
HOSPITAL.
MY UNCLE SURVIVED FOR 10 DAYS
BUT HE EVENTUALLY SUCCUMBED TO
HIS WOUNDS.
HE WAS BURNED FROM HEAD TO TOE.
HE WAS THE BEST OF US.
HE WAS A PERSON WHO, FROM THE
TIME HE WAS YOUNG, WAS JUST A
BEAUTIFUL PERSON.
HE WOULD LINE UP FOR PRAYER, HE
WOULD ALWAYS BE TRYING TO GUIDE
YOU TOWARDS GOOD, HE WAS ALWAYS
SOMEBODY THAT PEOPLE LOOKED UP
TO.
TO HAVE THAT LOSS, TO ME IT
BREAKS MY HEART, THAT I WILL
NEVER BE ABLE TO SEE HIM AGAIN.
>> YOU ALSO HAVE A LOT OF
FAMILY MEMBERS IN GAZA.
WHAT ARE THEIR LIVES LIKE RIGHT
NOW?
>> THERE ARE NO BASIC
NECESSITIES.
MY AUNT, DEPENDENT ON LIFE-
SAVING DRUGS, IS RUNNING OUT OF
THOSE MEDICINES.
MY UNCLE, WHO REQUIRES OXYGEN
TANKS IS RUNNING OUT.
WHEN THEY ARE SURROUNDED, MY
UNCLES FAMILY NEEDED TO BE
EXCAVATED, AND WHEN THEY DID
TAKE THEM OUT, THEY COULD ONLY
TAKE THEM OUT IN SMALL CHUNKS.
INDISTINCT SHABBAT.
THEY COULDN'T TELL WHO WAS WHO.
ESPECIALLY CHILDREN.
>> HOW MANY CHILDREN WERE
THERE?
>> THERE WERE FOUR CHILDREN.
ONE OF THEM WAS NOT EVEN A YEAR
OLD.
I HAVE A PICTURE THAT I SHARED
WITH YOU ALL. IN THAT ONE
PICTURE AT A WEDDING, THEY ALL
LOOK SO HAPPY.
NOT ONE OF THEM IS ALIVE RIGHT
NOW.
>> YOU HAVE A COUSIN WHO IS OR
WAS PREGNANT?
HOW IS SHE?
>> SHE IS SURVIVING.
SHE WAS PREGNANT AND WENT TO
THE HOSPITAL, SHE ENDED UP
HAVING A CESAREAN SECTION, AS
ANY MOTHER WILL TELL YOU,
THERE'S 1 MILLION DOCTORS.
SHE HAD NOTHING.
SHE WENT TO A SMALL GROUP, THEY
HAD TO HAVE HER OUT WITHIN 10
HOURS OF THAT AND NOW SHE HAS
HAD TO MOVE SEVERAL TIMES
WITHIN GAZA, JUST TO SURVIVE,
WITH THESE WOUNDS.
>> SHORTLY AFTER HAVING A BABY.
WHAT IS YOUR REACTION TO THIS
NEWS, THAT THERE WILL BE THESE
FOR OUR WINDOWS EACH DAY TO
ALLOW CIVILIANS TO MOVE AROUND
WITHIN GAZA, FROM THE ISRAELI
GOVERNMENT?
>> IS A PALESTINIAN, I WELCOME
IT, BECAUSE IT IS MY FAMILY.
BUT IT IS NOT ENOUGH.
MORE NEEDS TO BE DONE.
THERE NEEDS TO BE A CEASE-FIRE,
THERE NEEDS TO BE AN END TO THE
BLOCKADE OF HUMANITARIAN AID
BUT THESE PEOPLE ARE DYING BUT
THEY ARE RUNNING OUT OF FOOD.
MY COUSINS TOLD ME THERE IS NO
WATER OR FOOD FOR THEM TO EAT
OR DRINK.
WE NEED TO OPEN THIS UP WITH
THESE KIDS HAVE DONE NOTHING
WRONG.
4000 CHILDREN HAVE BEEN KILLED
AT THIS POINT.
4000.
THAT IS MORE THAN THE 9/11.
THIS IS A CEMETERY IN CRISIS AT
EPIC LEVELS.
WE NEED TO STOP THIS.
IT IS OUR GOVERNMENT THAT IS
PARTIALLY RESPONSIBLE, AND WE
NEED TO HAVE THE BRAVERY TO
STAND UP TO ANYBODY IN THE
WORLD AND SO YOU NEED TO STOP
THIS.
THERE ARE BETTER WAYS TO DO
IF THERE WAS A MASS SHOOTER IN
A SCHOOL, YOU WOULD NOT BLOW UP
THE WHOLE SCHOOL, RIGHT?
YOU NEED TO BE TECHNICAL ABOUT
HOW YOU GO AFTER THIS, BECAUSE
IN THE MEANTIME, MY FAMILY
MEMBERS AND INNOCENT PEOPLE
THERE ARE BEING KILLED, THEY
ARE BEING SLAUGHTERED BUT THIS
IS TURNING INTO A GENOCIDE.
WE NEED TO STOP IT, NOW.
>> I APPRECIATE YOU SHARING
YOUR PERSPECTIVE.
AMICABLY SORRY, AS I SAID
EARLIER, IT IS A PROFOUND LOSS,
THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.